# subpixel
 Copyright (C) 2020 This code has been supplied on condition that anyone who consults it is understood to recognize that its copyright rests with its author and that no quotation from it and no information derived from it may be published without the author’s prior consent. However, the other here by granted permission, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files, to deal in the Software without restriction,  including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
   This is the 1st public released. It has been tested under Windows 7 environment with making use of Cygwin facilities, Python 3.5.2, Anaconda 4.2.0 (64-bit) using Spyder (Scientific PYthon Development EnviRonment). The other required software libraries/packages are:
Tkinter, math ,csv, numpy , matplotlib, sys, pyshp, gmtime, strftime, opencv, scipy, pylab,  mplot3d, PIL, os, easygui, vigra , winsound, pickle, subprocess, gc, pandas, gdal, osr , skimage, string, itertools, shutil, errno, scipy, dask.array, joblib, skimage, glob, and requests.
Most of these libraries are available with Anaconda. However, any missing library will be appear in the returns Python error messages. 
It is possible some bugs still arises. If so, sorry for the inconvenience, and please feel free to submit any suggestion/solution (if you can found it) at:
ahmed.alboabidallah@students.plymouth.ac.uk
   The the package is located at github.com
   Enjoy!
